ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                º        Duke Nukem 3D: New Invasion          Ç¿
                ÌÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¹³
                º For Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition on MS-DOS º³
                º              By DXZeff in 2023              º³
                ÈÑÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
                                                                      V1.0R
ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

 Table of Contents

   1. Story
   2. System Requirements
   3. Installation
   4. Hints & Guides
   5. Troubleshooting
   6. Contact & License

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                                   ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                                   º Story º¿
                                   ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                                    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

 Duke Nukem is enjoying his retirement in Apogee City, a place overshadowed by
 many more popular locations and trapped in the middle of redevelopment hell.
 After a slew of rather awful legal cases brought by crazy women with weird
 hair colors, who Duke has no recollection of meeting, our hero has been
 keeping a low profile on the older side of town... well, as low a profile as
 Duke Nukem could keep. He still has the entire top floor of the newest and
 grandest sky-scraper to himself and after a night of cards with a few old
 friends, he heads off to sleep. Of course it would never be that easy,
 because the housekeeper is on holiday and Duke has to make the bed himself.
 He sets about this task only to hear a loud bang in the distance.
 As Duke turns to the window, he sees flashes of lasers, a crashing fire truck
 and several distant explosions.

   "Damn. 4th of July came late this year."

 It seems those alien bastards have returned and the mission? Kill Duke,
 obviously, but then what? Worse still, it turns out they aren't operating
 alone and somebody, somewhere, is aiding them.
 Duke has no plans to let them ruin his retirement and as he hears his old EDF
 communicator chattering from his pocket, he dons his shades and heads for the
 elevator, ready to face the invaders one more time.


 As Duke Nukem, you must fight your way through the sewers to the small church
 at the end of town, where you'll find your transport to the air field. From
 there you'll be dropped into a deadly lair to take on whatever abominable
 bastard set these events in motion. The episode was built assuming you have a
 fair level of skill and also a bit of logic, which you'll definitely need in
 those later levels.

 Duke Nukem 3D: New Invasion is a user episode for the MS-DOS version of the
 game, aiming to push the Atomic Edition to the very limits, harder than ever
 before and in ways never before seen. Dispatch foes in a sprawling city,
 fight in a Gothic church, battle on a moving train and make a stop for a key,
 then sky dive your way towards the final confrontation and uncover the
 diabolical scheme of the insane instigator. Those alien bastards won't even
 know what hit them... seriously, the AI gets pretty confused at times.

 While the project may have achieved some goals, it surely does fall short in
 places, but these things happen. A lot of years of theoretical Build with big
 lumps of pure experimentation was always going to be a mixed bag.
 This episode uses entirely vanilla effects and while CON files are included,
 they only serve to alter the level definitions and the level restart text.

 Here's hoping you find some enjoyment in it. Please don't hit me.

 This add-on is neither made nor supported by 3D Realms.

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                           ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                           º System Requirements º¿
                           ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

 This Add-On was tested against an Intel Pentium II at 450MHz running Duke
 Nukem 3D Version 1.5 under Windows 98 Second Edition. Performance and
 stability was profilied with this configuration. As such, this yields the
 intended system requirements for playing the Add-On correctly. The goal on
 the development test system was 15fps minimum at 640x480.
 Playing with a mouse is optional. All play testing was done with only the
 keyboard and a CFG file is included with my control scheme. You will have to
 adjust the sound and video card settings in this file if you want to use it.


 Developer System:

  Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition Version 1.5 for MS-DOS
  640x480 VESA Mode
  Microsoft Windows 98 Second Edition
  Intel Pentium II Deschutes 450MHz SL2U7
  QDI BrillianX P6I440BX
  128MiB SDRAM 100MHz
  Matrox Productivia G100 SGRAM AGP 8MiB
  Yamaha YMF724E PCI in SIRQ Mode set to 8-Bit 11,000Hz Stereo
  Roland SCC-1 & Yamaha DS-XG
  Quantum Atlas SCSI UW2 18GB [A]
  RealTek 8019A [B]
  Creative Encore DXR2 [C]


 Recommended System Requirements:

  Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition Version 1.5 for MS-DOS
  640x480 VESA Mode or higher [E]
  Microsoft MS-DOS 6.22 or higher, Windows 95 or Windows 98
  Intel Pentium III or AMD Athlon Processor [D]
  Reliable motherboard such as QDI, Chaintech or SuperMicro - no Asus junk [F]
  64MiB SDRAM or DDR RAM
  VGA with fast native VBE such as Matrox G###, S3 Trio/Virge or ATI Rage [G]
  Sound Blaster Pro Compatible Sound Card or better for stereo sound
  General MIDI Compatible Wavetable music card or external module
  4MiB of free disk space


 Minimum System Requirements:

  Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition Version 1.5 for MS-DOS
  320x200 Screen Mode
  Microsoft MS-DOS 6.22 installed on a Hard Disk Drive
  Intel Pentium 166MHz or AMD K5 PR166
  Intel 430VX or equivalent
  32MiB Fast Page Mode DRAM
  256KiB WB Cache
  ATI Mach 64, S3 Trio 64 2MiB VGA Card or similar
  Sound Blaster Compatible set to 8-Bit 8,000Hz Mono
  Yamaha FM Synthesis


 System Footnotes:

   These footnotes are included to save you time troubleshooting, as if your
   playing system features them, they should not be breaking anything, but a
   stall to load textures, for example, may be due to latent disk drives like
   the ones in my system. Alternatively they may explain diminishing returns,
   such as with later CPUs and video cards.

   [A] Noted as SCSI incurs performance hit due to disk command stalls.

   [B] Noted as Ethernet affects interrupt timing when a stack is active.

   [C] Noted as this affects video signal quality.

   [D] Later CPUs may degrade performance due to their designs being optimized
       for use with modern software. The 6th and 7th generation x86 processors
       often yield the greatest performance for MS-DOS applications.

   [E] You may be able to eke out more performance by using 640x400 instead of
       640x480 in some cases, depending on your video card and how it supports
       VESA modes. This will require opening your CFG and modifying it.
       The game should be able to use any mode your card's VBE exposes, even
       those which do not appear in the setup menu. On a very fast system you
       may be able to attain decent performance at 1024x768 or higher - the
       base game will run at 2560x1920 on my G100, but slowly. The HUD and
       other aspects may flicker at these higher resolution modes. This is due
       to Build and Duke Nukem 3D. It is not an issue with the Add-On.

   [F] I won't take bug reports seriously if your system is junk. I know junk
       systems well. I own enough of the damn things.

   [G] There are other cards, such as Trident Blade T64 which will perform
       respectably with a fast enough CPU. There are also countless cards I
       have not tested that may perform better or worse. Some cards, such as
       nVidia GeForce, may perform fine but tend to possess inferior RAMDACs,
       producing a slightly dirty looking image. Weirdly, otherwise identical
       ATI Rage 128 cards can perform radically different. Still, if you're
       lucky, then an ATI Rage 128 or Matrox G100/G220/G450 should be fast.
       I'm told a 3DFX Voodoo 3 2000 might well hold its own, strangely, if
       you can get it to not crash and catch fire. Incidentally, I shall
       disregard any reports of visual issues if you are using such a card.

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                               ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                               º Installation º¿
                               ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

 There are two ways you can install the Add-On and it may depend on your
 system which method is best. The first is for lazy people, the second is for
 paranoid people. I am both too lazy to be paranoid and too paranoid that
 someone will think I'm lazy to actually be lazy. As such, I'm screwed on this
 one. You will have to use the second method if you are in a modern operating
 system, but this isn't really supported.

 Lazy Mode:

  Run INSTALL from your MS-DOS Executive or through Microsoft Windows
  Follow the on-screen instructions
  Specify the directory and drive where your Duke Nukem 3D installation is
  Wait for the files to copy
  Run DNNI from your Duke Nukem 3D game directory



 Paranoia Mode:

  Open DNNIFILE.EXE using an archival tool such as PKZIP or 7-Zip
  Or else you can run the file from the command line to self-extract into a
  a specified location
  Note that you can rename DNNIFILE.EXE to DNNIFILE.ZIP if required
  Ensure DNNI.GRP, DNNI.BAT, NIGAME.CON, NIDEFS.CON and NIUSER.CON are copied
  over to your Duke Nukem 3D directory
  Run DNNI.BAT from your Duke Nukem 3D game directory

  Note that you will have to use this method in 'Modern' Windows or other
  operating systems that cannot run MS-DOS Executables.

 Removal of New Invasion:
 If you wish to remove the Add-On, then this is a list of files which are
 placed into your Duke 3D directory by the installer:

   - DNNI.GRP
   - NIGAME.CON
   - NIDEFS.CON
   - NIUSER.CON
   - DNNI.BAT
   - DNNI.HLP
   - DNNIHELP.EXE
   - DNNIHELP.TXT
   - DNNIUNIN.BAT

 Running DNNIUNIN.BAT should remove these files, but depending on your
 operating system, it may refuse to delete itself at the end of the process.
 If this happens, you will have to remove that file manually.

 Map documents are stored in the GRP, so you will need KEXTRACT, SEXTRACT or a
 similar tool to extract them. Otherwise, you can find them in DNNITEXT.ZIP
 which was packaged alongside the installer.

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                             ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                             º Hints & Guides º¿
                             ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

General:

 Saving
  Try to save at the end of levels instead of the beginning. There's no
  penalty if you don't, but it might make things a little more stable and also
  allows a particular gimmick to play out in a more flashy way.

  Spamming saves throughout a level is fine, but I'll hear about your lack of
  confidence in your skills and might have to taunt you or something.

 Ammo & Health
  Ammo & Health was tested extensively and every level should be beatable from
  a pistol start without picking up every item therein. If you need all of it,
  don't feel bad, but also don't blame me if you can't survive in a level as
  it was thoroughly tested with keyboard only controls and I'm not the best at
  the game anyway, although I'm a lot better than most.

 Ladders
  These don't appear much, but they rely on quirks of the game collision code
  and may take a bit of getting used to. Walk against them to go up, move away
  from them to go down. The collision system will always push you upwards if
  you are within range. Often there will be a grate or something nearby to
  land against to prevent fall damage. Try pushing against that instead when
  going back down, then back off slightly.

 Controls
  If you are struggling with the original keyboard only controls:
  Copy the included DNNI.CFG from the archive you downloaded into your game
  directory. You will have to set it up for your sound card and screen mode.
  This file contains a more modern control scheme and it could also work with
  the more accurate ports, such as RancidMeat and xDuke. You can either use
  the mouse to aim, or you can use the cursor keys. The Add-On was designed
  and tested with only keyboard controls. Using a mouse should make it far
  easier than intended.
  You may have to rename the file to DUKE3D.CFG for the game to take notice,
  especially if using a Windows port. If you are using xDuke, then you will
  instead have to use the DNNIXDUK.CFG file and rename it to DUKE3D.CFG, then
  overwrite any file of that name in the same directory as the port.
  Note that sometimes, if you change control settings while the game is
  running, you must restart the game before they will take effect.


Level Guides:
  If you really can't progress, these may help you, but be mindful that they
  become less and less comprehensive from one level to the other. The first
  few levels are covered fairly concisely, but beyond that you will only have
  the basic idea to go on. It should be enough for you to progress, but you
  might find that you miss secrets or even miss ammo and health if you don't
  do your own exploration. The maps aren't huge, so you shouldn't have to go
  very far to find things. In any case, best of luck.


 Level 1: Sewer Slam
  Head to the door to leave the room. Immediately go to your left through the
  double doors, but do not enter the elevator. Instead, once the explosion is
  heard, spin around and turn left to find the bathroom. There is a Chaingun
  in the bath and a secret to add to the stat screen.

  Now take the elevator. You'll have to stand in the middle to make it go.
  Then head to your left when it reaches the bottom, towards the security
  cabin. You will find a Shotgun and Pipe Bomb in here. Towards the corner,
  near the Apogee Tower, there is a dumpster. It has a goodie or two for you.

  Now head for the road, right across from the elevator, and lob your Pipe
  Bomb onto the manhole cover. Blow the cover up and wait before going down. A
  few aliens will jump over the wall for you to kill if you want the full
  stats. They won't likely follow you into the sewer if you drop in early.

  In the sewers you will find a drain pit blocked by a box, which is too heavy
  to move, though it might float. Indeed, there is a gray double door and the
  room beyond will have a valve you can use. This will open a gate and water -
  keep telling yourself it's water - will flow towards the pit, floating that
  annoying little crate out of the way.

  Head to the opposite side of the treatment pool and drop down into a lower
  sewer, where you will find an open door on your left. Unfortunately the Pig
  Cops inside will laugh at you and close it, locking it. Luckily the ones at
  the opposite end will open their door to take shots at you, letting you in.
  There's a switch, which turns the platform in the pool. It will swing back
  after just a few seconds, so be ready to run. You have to make it up the
  stairs to your right beyond the door and across that platform, to the middle
  pillar, before it swings back. A skilled player could make the jump without
  ever triggering the swinging platform. If you turn left instead of right for
  the stairs, you'll find a ladder and some ammo at the end of that passage.
  For best results, you might want to do that first, then go straight for the
  stairway to take out the lizards, before swining the bridge over.

  Now on the opposite side of the sewer, you can access the locked room and
  nab yourself a couple of niceties, as well as get shot at by those
  mischievous little piggies. With that done, make your way to the ladder and
  drop into the exit room. This will let you outside onto a spillway. From
  here, the only thing you can do is ride the water down and head up to the
  church. Repent, damn you!
  The level will end once you climb up the rocky ledges to the top.


 Level 2: Priory Punchup
  Save and Load instantly, or toggle the Parental Lock. A divine power or,
  more likely, a dubious technology, will grant you entry to the real church.
  This is not the pitiful little 'marry a hooker at midnight' affiar that we
  were in at the start, and those aliens are defiling it. Take them out. I
  recommend using the pistol to do this and the shotgun on the pigs at the
  back while charging forwards.
  If you walk up to the big cross and press use below it, an Atomic Health
  will spawn at your feet.
  Similarly if you use the organ, you'll hear a door opening. Head back
  towards the center and make a point of facing the huge wall with the vent
  positioned high up. An opening should have appeared lower down to reveal a
  secret place. Be quick, because it's on a timer.

  You will find the Key Card in one of the side aisles, but aliens will turn
  up behind you that need dealing with. Try the pistol again. Then go and
  unlock the door on the right.

  In this room there are pigs who need killing. If you got the Atomic Health
  before, you will be awarded a secret here instead. With the pigs gone,
  ignore the red lock and head through the little gray door. Take the stairs
  and you will be met with the door to the roof.

  A Lizman will greet you. Get rid of him but don't walk outside just yet
  while you're dealing with this. As soon as he drops, step out, then back
  into the doorway again. A Lizman will leap at you from the right. Deal with
  him, too. Likewise, a Liztroop will be hiding behind a pillar, but he's not
  much of a problem. Just be mindful that you cannot shoot through the gap by
  each pillar, due to a divine will, or maybe questionable geometry.

  When you reach the other side of the roof and kill off the jerks there, look
  for the vent and kick your way in there.
  Now you need to hop across the light fixtures to reach the Red Key Card.
  There will be aliens coming up to get you the whole time, so you can either
  outrun them, or stay and fight them off.
  This is all well and good, but you need to get down somehow. Head towards
  the back and drop from near that big door onto the wooden cross below. A few
  Large Medkits will be nearby in case you misjudge it.

  From here, head to the lock, use the Key Card and go through the door to the
  roof stairway again. You might just see the stairs vahish and a slope extend
  itself down to a hole in the wall. Drop through this hole to reach the dingy
  underground station. As soon as you get up to the train, the level will end.


 Level 3: Railcar Rumble
  Duke finds himself on an underground train. Behind you is a Shotgun and
  ahead towards the far end of the train car is a door. As you approach, that
  door might open and a few aliens might just be beyond it to greet you. It
  seems that they have stowed away on the train and odds are, they're going to
  hijack it, which if nothing else will make poor Duke miss his stop.
  If you check the poster near the Shotgun, a secret will be behind it.

  Through the door is a switch which you should press. This will close off the
  door to your starting car and then allow entry to the next. More aliens, so
  waste them. Don't miss the Chaingun where the pigs had ripped out the seats.

  As you enter the third car, there is another secret poster to your left.
  This car also has a locked door. After all, we can't have the peasentry
  going up there and annoying the upper classes. The aliens threw the key out
  of a window somewhere, so you'll have to find a spare. Luckily the driver is
  still safe for now and is watching you on CCTV, so he will stop at the next
  station for you. The train doors will open and you can step onto the
  platform.

  Make your way towards the stairs on your right. Do NOT walk on the tracks.
  A couple of Liztroops are waiting and at the top of the stairs, you will
  face Pig Cops. The hallway to your right leads to the restrooms, where you
  will find a girl in the ladies'. If you kill her, a door will open to reveal
  a secret place, but it is guarded by Drones and Fat Commanders.

  To get the red Key Card, jump onto the windows of the ticket office where
  the panel has fallen off, then up on top. Smash the vent and jump in. The
  key is waiting for you on the desk and when you smash the next vent, you'll
  be able to fall back onto the platform below.

  Now re-board the train and use the Key Card. The train will move and you can
  now open the door to the next car. The bad guy will be taunting you on the
  screen, but you can ignore him. Unfortunately, at the far end of this car,
  the doors are jammed, hindering further progress. Lucky for you, it seems
  those dumb aliens have caught up on another train Duke can make use of.
  To the right of the jammed door is a lavatory. Enter this and look up. There
  is a fan in the ceiling which you can shoot out. Jump upwards into the vent
  and Duke will leap across to the other train. Be careful, because if you
  walk on the tracks, you will die.
  With the aliens taken care of, line yourself up with the frame of the crane
  and leap across to the other train - towards the doors - where Duke will
  crash in through another vent.
  Note that your shots can go through the windows, meaning you can take care
  of the alien problem before hopping to each train. In fact, the grating in
  this particular car was left non-blocking to help with this very action.

  You're nearly there. The front of the train awaits, but more aliens will be
  waiting to greet you. Go on through and slaughter them, then pull the lever
  to stop the train. You can walk outside as soon as the doors open and a big
  forcefield here should mean you're mostly safe. It takes the train a while
  to slow down, but eventually it will stop, the forcefield will turn off and
  Duke can step onto the platform. At this point, even stepping on the tracks
  is safe and will end the level.


 Level 4: Plane Peril
  The EDF have been covertly using a regional airport for some time and have
  arranged a plane for you. This will take you out to sea, where you will
  drop in over the site of the missile launch.
  Unfortunately it seems the aliens have beaten you to it.

  As soon as you try to walk into the large seating area, the door will close
  but maybe that friendly lady in the office has an idea. Try looking up and
  right of her. Once in the security office, you can reopen the door and make
  your way through, but you will be accosted immediately. Once you've dealt
  with the monsters, grab the key from the far end and head for the restroom
  area near the start. That key is bound to do something, right?

  At the bottom of the vent shaft you will find the cog room. You will have
  to turn these back on. There may be a little secret in this room. Still, it
  seems you've annoyed the aliens again and they've blown up a bunch of the
  equipment. Take the vents at the top of the stairs to make your way back.

  Now you've reached the office. With the cogs nicely turning to power the
  jet bridge, restore its power and head back towards the gate. The aliens
  will try to stop you, but I'm sure you can deal with them. It's time to
  board your plane and head out to sea.

  Blast. They've crippled the plane, but you're almost there. The plane can
  make it back, but you don't have time and grab your parachute... oh wait,
  that flew out of the door? Oh well, you'd better go after it, then.

  You'll be falling for quite a while, surrounded by aliens. Do your best to
  keep them under control, but keep an eye out for that parachute. If you
  fall past it, the landing from this height will not be pleasant.

  As soon as you're ready, use the door of the diving pod to exit the level.


 Level 5: Marine Menace
  The diving chamber descends slowly until docking with the airlock. A panel
  will open up in the floor and you should jump in. The airlock room gives you
  a moment to prepare, because the nasties will be waiting beyond.
  It is recommended to use whatever firepower you have throughout this level,
  rather than trying to save it for later.

  Making your way along the long corridor, you will come to a crossroads with
  a door to your left and right. The door on your right is where you want to
  go, but it's locked. The one on your left isn't anywhere you can go yet, but
  if you do go in, you can stock up on some firepower and take a look at what
  you're up against. When you enter, a large door ahead will open up,
  revealing an array of infrared motion sensors. Unfortunately for you, the
  switch to turn them off is upstairs and running through this corridor when
  they're turned on is ill advised, given the door is locked at the end anyway
  and you probably won't make it that far. It may be wise to close the double
  doors to this corridor on your way out. Keep the draft out. A place like
  this has got to cost a fortune in heating bills.

  Returning to the main corridor, then, head to the end farthest from where
  you began and head through the door. It seems the crew quarters aren't quite
  finished yet. Aliens are there and they're pissed, but take note of that
  grate to your right. That's a clue for later. The door on your left has been
  locked and won't open yet. Overhead you might see cranes operating. Take a
  note of those, as you'll need them later.

  If you're still hurting badly from the previous level, you can look around,
  but don't take the last door on your left after rounding the corner yet, as
  that will make more baddies come out. When you're ready to progress, head on
  over to that door and pull it open. Unfortunately you've walked in on a lady
  making lemonade... or she looks like a lady. I'm not so sure. Didn't seem to
  be very ladylike and you'd think she'd be used to men in these communal
  facilities. So kill her. Seems she was an alien in disguise all along and
  now, the other aliens are mad. They've unlocked that double door and will
  come marching in to deal with you. Deal with them instead.

  Out here it's a lot of noise, cranes, a big void and an elevator. If you
  wait on the middle belt, or get creative with jumping, you can get on top of
  the crew quarters and drop in behind that grate. This nets you a secret.
  You can also get behind the crew quarters and find a bunch of fans. Notice
  that one isn't spinning. The fans can be 'used' and if you use the correct
  combination, a thing might happen.

  In any case, head for that elevator, left from the double doors as you exit.
  This takes you to a command room where you can use the lever to turn off the
  sensors. They may flicker red, but so long as they've stopped and that loud
  hum they made has gone away, they're disarmed. Now you can either drop out
  of the window, or turn around and go out through either of the double doors,
  which will lead you to an elevator, returning to the main corridor from that
  previously unusable door.

  Make your way to and along the corridor with the sensors. They won't turn on
  again, so you're safe now. Well, that is until you reach the end of the
  corridor and open the door on your right. Aliens. From here you're on the
  opposite side of that void. Did you spot the beams over the middle? There's
  something up there you'll need. At the far end of the walkway is a door for
  which you'll need a red key card. In the middle of the walkway is a door
  that you should enter. Take either exit from this room and head upstairs to
  the control room. Here you can turn on a crane, which will begin to pick up
  explosive barrels. You can look at the viewscreen if you're still unsure.
  You need to shoot the barrel as the crane brings it by the key card, destroy
  the beam and have it fall onto the belt below. If you take longer than one
  minute, a commander will appear and blow up the beam for you. You could also
  just use an explosive weapon, if you have one. The commander will turn up
  eventually in any case, so be mindful of this.

  Once the keycard is freed, it will fall and be picked up by another crane.
  That crane will deliver it to the platform, opposite the door you entered to
  reach the control room. You may now unlock the key card door. First, though
  take one of the small elevators down. At one end is a platform which will
  summon a crane, taking you back to the crew quarters. You can kick the crane
  when halfway across, in order to drop onto the middle area. From here, the
  alcove with the non-functioning door has a secret for you.

  Now head towards the red keycard door and unlock it. Then throw the switch
  to open it and head on inside. The only door you can use here is to your
  left. If you want to go back for anything, now would be the time to do it.
  It's not too far - there's even a crane that can bring you back, now, from
  the lower platform on the crew quarters side of the void.
  When you do take the elevator beyond the red key card door, there are a fair
  few aliens waiting for you down there. Feel free to use whatever firepower
  you have right then and there.

  So whenever you're ready, from the room to your left after passing through
  the red key door, take the elevator down. This seems to be a power generator
  of some kind, as the base likely needs rather a lot to keep itself running.
  The aliens are guarding it well and you will have to take them out. Notice
  that hatch in the floor? That's where you're going. Ride the elevator up to
  the screen area and face back towards the hatch area. There is a control
  panel overlooking it which you need to use. The hatch will open and you can
  now jump in.

  Once at the bottom of the shaft, a door opens and we meet the big bad guy.
  You're just a little too late and he scurries away up an elevator, then
  watches you, daring you to press the switches and jump into the hole.
  There's nothing else for it. Go up onto the platforms, press the switches
  and wait for the floor to open and the drill to come down. Once the drill
  has retracted back up, you can jump in when you're ready to end the level.
  The bad guy has fled the scene and it seems he's had something horrible put
  aside, just for you.
  I'm sure I know him from somewhere...


 Level 6: Dimensional Disaster
  How did we get here? Duke finds himself lying in a hospital bed. Maybe it
  was a dream, all along?
  It feels as though somebody was just there, but left in a hurry. The halls
  are strangely empty and everything has been locked up.

  In this frail state, Duke had better hope he either finds medical help - a
  surprisingly tough task in this hospital - or that he doesn't run into
  anything nasty.

  When you reach the elevator, investigate it carefully. It won't work, but
  it's still your way onward.

  In the hospital bathroom, Duke should probably check his reflection in the
  mirror carefully. Perhaps saying a line will lift his spirits.

  Do not trust closets.

  Be extremely weary of misusing the table in front of the mirror.

  There are two combination switches. Check the computer screens behind them.

  The solution for the first combination is actually in plain view, if you
  only look for it. If you're playing this game, it is quite historically
  significant to that very pursuit.

  The solution for the second combination is located on a different level, in
  fact, it is just beyond the white elevator in the next level. If only there
  was a way, without cheating, to see levels you haven't visited yet...
  Third time's the charm, they say.


 Level 7: Boss Bash
  You'll probably want to check the starting room thoroughly for any health
  or weapons you can find. There are things beyond that door which aren't
  particularly friendly. Otherwise the level is quite straightforward and you
  should find traversing it quite easy.

  The bad guy wishes to humiliate you before letting you face off against him
  and so, you will have to play a game. It seems he's going easy on you, as
  his contraption certainly seems it could have been made more capable, but
  keep your wits about you and it should be fine. In fact his moves seem to
  be quite predictable. It's possible to win in only three goes, like.

  With that done it's off to the boss fight. That jerk has built something
  big and horrible for you to deal with. Try aiming for the eyes, but you'll
  have to hit both of them or else he'll still be able to see you.
  Once he's blinded, hurry to the new opening in the floor and blow up
  anything you can. You'll be sent back to the arena each time and will have
  to blind him again. Once the machine is broken, he will stop attacking you.
  Remember -  No Queensbury Rules: Go for the eyes!

  At this point, you should run for the exit... Although if you return to this
  room, there may be something special waiting for you if you decide to
  explore earlier parts of the level. It isn't like there's anything else
  left to do here.


 Level 8: Secret Slaughter
  This level pushes the game engine quite hard. Combat can be quite hard when
  you're in the dense forest. If only there was something to enhance your
  vision, somewhere, in this place. Perhaps, if you can find it, it might be
  handy to have elsewhere, too. This place is kinda weird.


 Level 9: End Game
  As the only way out without modifying the game is to trigger the cutscene,
  crash to DOS or quit the game yourself, you get to choose one of these.
  This level mostly exists for those who like to see the stats screen,
  otherwise there would be no way to display this for the boss level and I
  know that screen really matters to some people. Beware, though, that not all
  secrets appear on the stat screens in this episode until discovered. There
  are never more than three in any level.

  Congratulations! You won! Thank you for playing!

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                              ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                              º Troubleshooting º¿
                              ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

 I played your add-on in EDuke32 and it didn't work!
  It won't. EDuke32 is broken and is not fully compatible with Duke Nukem 3D's
  core game mechanics.

 I tried a different port and it still didn't work!
  Many ports are built on EDuke32's flawed codebase. The add-on was made only
  for MS-DOS, but some older ports may work that didn't stick around long
  enough to inherit EDuke cancer. You could try xDuke or a similarly basic
  port, but there are no guarantees.

 The music sounds moldy!
  The music was written using a Terratec Maestro 32/96 and tested to mostly
  work on a Roland SCC-1 (piece of shit). FM Synthesis was an afterthought.
  Due to the broad array of music devices, it wasn't possible to anticipate
  all models and some will sound dodgy. You can turn the music off if you
  like, or place MIDIs with the same names in your game directory.

 In some levels, the game crashes with "too many sprites spawned"!
  If this happens, there's usually something obvious going on like a bunch of
  explosions, right in front of you. Wait for them to stop before proceeding
  any further and it should be fine.

 In Level 1 the game crashes when facing the skyscraper from the sewers!
  This problem seems to only affect newer computers, especially when running a
  Windows port of the game. It seems to be related to memory management.

 In Level 2, the game says I got a secret place when I didn't!
  If you get the secret Atomic Health, the sector behind the doors is
  activated and will add to the secrets found counter. This is because the
  area where you get the health is made up of many small sectors and wouldn't
  trigger reliably, as there's every chance you'd never walk over that spot or
  be in it for long enough for the player's sectnum to update. In short, the
  big sector behind the door is mandatory and so moving the trigger there
  means you will be rewarded with that number on the stat screen reliably, for
  your dilligence.

 In Level 3, the train isn't working properly or the alien train is not
 appearing when it should!
  Somtimes this happens. Try to avoid pressing 'USE' when stepping off the
  train as that can cause trouble. Unfortunately if the problem has already
  happened, the game will not likely fix itself and you might have to restart.
  All levels were tested from a pistol start, aside from where you start
  without weapons in any case regardless, so you should be OK to just suicide
  and reset the level.

 In Level 3, there are holes in the walls or misplaced pillars!
  Unfortunately this is a side effect of beating the game logic to within an
  inch of its life to make this work. If you've ever built a level for Duke,
  and I suspect a fair percentage of the audience for this will be mappers,
  then you will know how little control there is over conveyor belts and
  certainly, they don't lend themselves to being triggered by very many things
  beyond switching them directly. As we're not doing that in this level, the
  belts are actually always running and the objects on them have to get
  switched into another sector to stop them moving. Moving an object to a new
  sector causes them to 'snap' as it is (notice barrels when they reach a
  crane platform in Toxic Dump and such do this), but worse still they have to
  be switched onto a second belt that is just barely moving, lest their
  sectnum will never update again and they will not rejoin the original belt
  when the train is meant to move off. Many sectors and objects have to move
  and update at once and a few limits actually have to be circumvented in ways
  they were never supposed to be, to affect effects in ways that were never
  meant to be affected. It's honestly a wonder it works as well as it does.

  The short version is: The effect abuses the game horribly and isn't meant to
  be done, ever, so sometimes weird things happen.

 In Level 4, the liztroops can't be shot at when I'm falling!
  You're actually standing on a platform. It's safe. Move closer to the edge.

 In Level 4, when I finish falling, I get killed!
  Did you grab the parachute? You have only a moment to grab it before loading
  into the area with the water and diving bell.

 In Level 5, the keycard does not fall!
  If this happens, walk onto the platform near the void, opposite the door
  leading up to the crane control room. If you keep looking at the key card,
  it should fall down. Of course, you have to blow up the beams before it will
  come down. You did do that, right?

 In Level 5, the beams won't blow up!
  The explosion radius is a tad strange when the exploding object is being
  carried on a crane. Every effort was made to work around it, but sometimes
  you can have a string of terrible luck. What you could do is walk back down
  the stairs and wait. Take a drink or something. After a while, an explosion
  will go off and destroy the beams for you, although it was caused by a load
  of fat commanders and drones. You'll have to deal with those now, but the
  red key should be obtainable.

 In Level 6, the house area acts weird!
  The geometry is rather pushing its luck, I'm afraid. Sometimes you might get
  flicker or end up in the wrong sector entirely. It shouldn't do anything too
  deadly and, to be honest, I rather like the unpredictable nature of it.

 In Level 6, I can't figure out the second combination switch!
  This combination is in another map, one you haven't visited yet. If you've
  been stuck here a while, check the computer screen one last time, just to
  be sure. Do note, however, that the solution will not work in most ports.

  To prevent those people getting stuck and blaming me for their broken port,
  solve the following if you fall into that group:
  The first digit of Duke Nukem 3D's release year. The episode number for
  Commander Keen: Secret of The Oracle. The data bus width of the Zilog Z80.
  Lastly, the total combined number of episodes in Duke Nukem's first two
  computer games.

 In Level 7, the game machine won't let me win or got stuck!
  If that happens, just wait and eventually the door will open anyway. Be
  aware, however, that this machine was built to hold back and you may not be
  so lucky if the bad guy decides to build another one in the future.

 In Level 8, the game crashes in the forest!
  This is more likely in Windows on a newer PC and there is no sure fire fix.
  You can try turning down the game resolution and setting detail to 'LOW',
  otherwise you might just have to noclip the gate. Generally the game won't
  crash in the automap.
  Overall, this level pushes the engine quite hard in ways it wasn't meant to
  ever be pushed, so it stands to reason it will break down occasionaly.
  Several new techniques were employed in here and while I hope to use them
  again some day, I will be more aware of the limitations by then.

 In Level 8, I fell off the platform into the black void!
  Everything was done to prevent this, but it seems it may still be possible.
  The only real guarantee is making sure you don't fool around near the edge.
  I doubt such a place would be a very stable environment.

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

                             ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                             º  Last Remarks  º¿
                             º  Contact Info  º³
                             º   & License    º³
                             ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß

Final Thoughts:

 That's really all there is to it. I hope you find at least some enjoyment in
 this episode, but if not, maybe you'll know someone who will.

 I'd like to make another episode some day, a continuation of this one.
 If this happens, then while I don't support using Windows ports for this
 episode, it seems likely the next one won't even run in them at all.

 I will only be supporting MS-DOS going forward.


 Contact Info:

 If you want to find me on the internet, it isn't difficult, so you can try
 any one of these, in order of most to least active:

  E-Mail          : PAU174u[-at-]AOL.COM
  Web             : DXZeff.COM
  YouTube         : HighTreason610
  YouTube         : HighTreasonLP
  Discord         : DXZeff
  SoundCloud      : High_Treason

 The included MS-DOS text viewer, TView was written by Thiemo Kreuz in 1997.
 You can find Thiemo and more of his works at:

  Web             : ThiemoKreuz.de
  Old Web         : maettig.com

 A few additional things worth mentioning:

  Duke II OST     : Robert Prince III
  RotH OST        : Chris Adams
  Strife OST      : Morey Goldstein
  Install Program : Whoomph & PKWare

 Beta testers who actually bothered to test will be listed here:

  Stojke          : Dragged into it at the last second
  Aleks           : Tested as much as possible with limited time
  Everyone else either didn't have time or just went silent.

License, Disclaimer & Distribution:

 This add-on is not a commercial product. You should NOT have paid any money
 for it. If you did, I suggest you return to whoever sold you the CD and slap
 them around a little bit. Blow compressed air up their nostrils.

 It should therefore be obvious that you may freely distribute this add-on.
 In doing so, you must not add, remove or modify any files.
 The included files, inside the archive DNNIxxx.ZIP, should be as follows:

   - INSTALL.COM
   - INSTALL.CFG
   - DNNIFILE.EXE
   - DNNIHELP.TXT
   - DNNITEXT.ZIP
   - DNNIXDUK.CFG
   - DNNI.CFG

 The add-on should be distributed in its original archive, unless it is put
 onto a disk. Generally, then, it should always be distributed in a way where
 files cannot easily go missing. This is to say, the files should be arranged
 exactly as they were inside the archive.

 An allowance is made for including a compatibility mod for any given port,
 but this must NOT modify my files without permission.


 The add-on comes with no warranty of functionality or being fit for any
 purpose whatsoever. While it should be safe, this is MS-DOS. As such, by
 proceeding to use the add-on, you implicitly agree to release me of any and
 all liability for loss, damages, death, erectile dysfunction or any other
 issue that may or may not arise. I'm only responsible for anything good that
 happens, instead. If your sister puts out tonight, that's my doing. On the
 other hand, if you stub your toe, that's your fault.

 This add-on is neither made nor supported by 3D Realms, or whoever owns this
 damn game these days.

 Now give me those prototypes already!


ÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜßÜß
