/-----------------\
|The Lost Moonbase|
\-----------------/
Author          : Alejandro Glavic
Contact         : aglavic@yahoo.com.ar
Misc. Info      : I am from Argentina and 16 years old.
Previous maps   : ADG Episode (Includes ADG01-05)
                  YMF500G (in a orbiting space station)
                  EDF Secret Base (in a secret military research
                                   base on a island)

Thanks to       : Beta-Testers
                  ------------
                  Mikko Sandt (MSDN)
                  Kevin Cools (We Store Your Crap)

                  Other
                  -----
                  Bob Averill, for inventing the pickable
                  objects effect that I've used for the card.

Atomic required : Yeah
Coop            : Aren't so good to complete it alone???
DukeMatch       : Nah
Skill settings  : No man, play this map as is.
New art         : I don't need it :P
New sounds      : Neither need it :P
New music       : No, dethtoll.mid fits perfectly.
New cons        : No, it's pure Duke.
Demos           : No, I want you to be surprised when playing
                  this map ;)

How to play     : Just copy MOONBASE.MAP into your Duke3D
                  Atomic directory and at the DOS prompt,
                  type: "duke3d map moonbase".

Where to get    : WSYC = http://www.planetduke.com/kef
                  MSDN = http://www.planetduke.com/msdn

                  If you put this map on your site, please
                  notice me via E-Mail...

Last notes      : Please leave me feedback about this map,
                  tell me if you liked it or not and any
                  other thing that I would like to know
                  about your opinions on this map.

/-----\
|Story|
\-----/
In an EDF's secret base Duke didn't stop the aliens and they
have stolen a very powerful bomb in that hi-tech airplane.
Destination was unknown...

Then, Duke returned to the EDF Headquarters...
Duke   : "General, I am sorry but I could not stop these guys..."
General: "No, man, cannot be, now we are lost!"
Duke   : "Sincerely, i did one of my better efforts but they
          have stolen that bomb..."
General: "Ok Duke, I understand you, we'll find another way
          to recover the bomb."

Duke returned to his house, only to wait the moment of his
death... One week later, he received a call from the EDF
Headquarters.
General: "Hey Duke, we've found it! We still have another chance
          to save humankind! Please report here in 1 hour..."
Duke   : "Yes sir!"

Then, Duke returned to EDF HQ...
Duke   : "Here I am, General, now give me the mission, I really
          wanna kick their asses!"
General: "Well Duke, I am going to explain it. One of the people
          that was working in the secret base was found floating
          in the middle of the ocean, on a table... He was
          rescued by us, and he revealed a secret about that bomb,
          for security reasons they have installed a radio
          transmissor in the bomb so we can know every time where
          is it."
Duke   : "And where is now the bomb?"
General: "You are not going to believe it, but we've found that
          the bomb is in a old base located on Moon. That base
          was used to study the first aliens that we've found in
          Earth, the same aliens that seems to be in this invasion."
Duke   : "Ok, I'm going in..."
General: "Not so fast Duke, we've lost contact with that base some
          days ago, so I can guess that the base was taken by the
          Aliens. There is a reactor there, that provides energy
          to the base. You must destroy it by overloading the
          power required by the base, so the base will melt and
          the bomb will be entombed under the rubbish of the base."
Duke   : "No problem, General, these Alien bastards are gonna pay
          for this!"

---------
Alejandro
