The System: Opposing Facility: By Quakis "Ryan Rouse"
-----------------------------------------------------

Name: The System: Oposing Facility
Files: TSOF1.zip, TSOF1.txt TSOF1.map
Author: Quakis "Ryan Rouse"
Email: Quakis_962@hotmail.com
Websites: Had a few, but for dead stuff :-/
Author Info: Im 14, I live in England, Corby. I go to
a school called Lodge Park Technology College. 
I have 3 sisters and 1 brother. My 2nd sister, Debbie, 
is my favorite, with 1 baby, Owen Mcardy, 1 yrs, and 
another boy coming soon, called Max. I also like my
brother, who is 24, and lives in Kettering. He 
normally visits, dueing, Christmas, or when my mum
and dad are going on holiday, leaving just me and him
to watch movies etc. I hardly see him, so I just CAN'T 
wait until he comes over :)

Story: 

The aliens have over taken a small island, which has several
facilities on it. The aliens plan to use this for thier secret
base. But what are the Aliens planning to do anyway? Duke was
sent in to investigate, and its up to you to find out...
Shame, duke couldn't get to the main base by boat, he must find
a nearby train, to get there...but that may be a little while
yet....

Description: A Hi-tech/Nature/Canyon/Facility styled map. 
Lets Rock has at least, 120-140 enimies >:-D

Single player: Yes.
Deathmatch: No, a little too tight.
Co-Oppertive: No. Sorry
New stuff: Nope, maybe in the Boss map, a new ANM file ;)
Demos: Nope, if you want to make one....go Ahead :)

Bugs: Have not noticed any unfixable ones...
Build Time: Less the a month...Surprised? You better be :) (Usally, my levels
take more than 4 months)
Editors: Build...There are others like Mapster, Makemap, Newbuild and GLbuild..

Other Releases:
---------------

Nuked1: Some Launch Bay Complex...Was originally for my Nuked Episode, which is
        sadly, not going to be finished :(

NukedR: I meant to be a remake of Nuked1, but is now its prequel, Dukes dream.
        Although, it don't seem like a dream :-/

Origin: And old map, based in space. It's a nice short play.

GresterDM1: A basic DM, set in a forest. Has a small story to it also :-D

Qred1: You remember Red1 by Merlijn? I made a remake of it, and got his
       permission to release it.

CBP3: I took part in it :)
CBP4: I was the leader of it :) I was kind of a lazy leader :-D

Future Releases:
----------------

Destroyer: A LARGE episode for Half Life. I want it VERY long, but also, not
to make the player bored :)

The System 2: This map's sequel

Me and Maarten van Oostrum's City map: A medium sized snowy city map, at night.

The Haunted Mansion: Was originally for OPNS, but decided to finish it for Duke.
Its a mansion, at night and will be haunted. I want to make it scarier than 
Red Series :) (Fat Chance :-D)

CBPCOOP1: I decided to join another CBP to show off my BRAND NEW skills :)
and also, this CBP is basically, COOP :) :-D Chris Coleman, author of the
Darkfront Series, is teams Leader :)

Credits:

Pascal Rouaud: For his Roch maps, DukeRoch3 and for a lot of help :)
Mikko Sandt: For msdn (www.planetduke.com/msdn) and for Knocking some 
             sense into me :-D
Alejandro Glavic: For AMC (www.planetduke.com/amc) and high quality maps
James Stanfield: For IW, and for loads of help, like Coding and other
                 very helpful things.
The Oostrums Brothers: For being great friends, and for their help
Shrinkduke "Alex Pistol": For being a great friend, and for his help :)
Victor: For being a very helpful friend, and cheer's me on, to finish a map/mod :)
And to:
 Rusty_Nails, Gangster and the rest of the AMC community, for your help

Special Thanks to:

Stephano Lessa: For being a Superb friend onle, for ICE episode, and chatting to me
on AIM a lot :-D A great Pal :P

Beta Testers:

Stephano Lessa
Alex Pistol
Sang
Maarten Oostrum
Victor

-Quakis-

"Build It Your Way"

Please, if you want this map on your website, email me, which site it is. Thank You :)

