    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
        SwGroup v4 - Name Editing - File grouping and Launch Program
                  By Ben Smit - email: bens@dbn.lia.net
              Wangs Health Spa. http://users.lia.net/util/sw
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

    See version history at end.

    Shadow Warrior does not utilize group .GRP files or allow you to change
    Episode or Level Titles, but now with SwGroup you can do just that.
    You can also change the Cheat codes, Skills, Inventory and Weapon names.

    SwGroup will first prompt you for a group filename of which you respond
    with a Filename depending on what you you call your TC.
    Up to a normal DOS based 8 character filename is permitted.

    SwGroup will now ask you if want "Demos" switched off at the start
    of your TC. This could be usefull if you don't want any Demos running
    with you TC or perhaps someone else's demo running.

    Next SwGroup will ask if you want a .Bat (Batch) file created.
    Many Frontend Launchers need a .Bat file to execute the TC, but if
    you are generating your own then just answer "N" else SwGroup could
    overwrite your present one and that could be disaterous.

    The final request from SwGroup is whether you want the .GRP file
    scrambled. If you answer "Y" - no one will ever be able to extract
    any files from it thus protecting your art files etc.
    The user would have to request the files from you.

    SwGroup will now look for a file, the same name as your "TC" .LEV
    This file stores all the name changes you made last time and saves you
    having to type them all in again.
    If it cannot find this file it will prompt you for a filename other
    than the filename of your TC. If you do not have one or it is the
    first time you are compiling your TC just press enter.

    SwGroup will create you one when you exit after your changes.

    SwGroup will now display a screen with all the original Shadow Warrior
    Titles. Just follow the on screen information to edit these Map names,
    Titles and or Episode then press F10 when completed.
    Pressing Esc will abort the process.

    SwGroup will now create a .GRP file and a .COM file with the filename
    you selected. A .BAT file will also be created if you requested one.

    The only files you now need for the game itself are

    Yourfile.Bat  - (Optional)
    Yourfile.Com  - The launch program
    Yourfile.Grp  - The group file
    Yourfile.Txt  - Your information file about your game

    This eliminates the problem of having all sorts of duplicate files in
    the Shadow Warrior directory as one never know's which file belongs to
    which map and many map developers always use the same .ART files etc.

    Yourfile.com will accept any of the standard Shadow Warrior parameters
    as well as a few extra's as shown below.

    Yourfile.com /C          (Wangbang)
    Yourfile.com /W          (Wangbang)

    With the "/W" parameter Yourfile.com assumes you have your own Frontend
    Launcher (possibly a batch file) that sets up the required necessary
    configuration in the Commit.dat file for WangBang operations.
    Yourfile.com will now ignore the Commit.dat file and directly execute
    the Commit.exe file for multiplayer purposes.

    User maps can also be made for your TC by others and to load them
    all that is needed is :-

    Yourfile.com - map Mapname.map
    or in WangBang
    Yourfile.com /C -map Mapname.map (The /W parameter is also permitted)

    Only files with these extensions can be grouped in Yourfile.GRP

    .art .anm .bin .dat .dmo .kvx .map .pal .sym .txt .voc

    A word of advise - do not have any files with the above extensions that
    are not required by your game including your Template.txt file in the
    directory when grouping with SwGroup as they will all go into the .GRP
    file which only makes it unnecessarily bigger.

    Version 3.0 - 23 May 1998

    Your TC will now be 100% compatible with the UK version of SW.
    SwGroup now creates a .LVM file which is a text version of the .LEV
    file which is for reference only and is required for the program
    SwMac which will convert your TC for the Macintosh.
    This program is still under development - mail me if need be.
    All 3drealms and par times have been cleared.
    At this stage par times for some levels can be inserted on request.

    Version 3.1 - 26 May 1998

    When running your TC - "ALL" .Art files in the SW folder will now be
    renamed. This created a few problems before as users tend to leave
    old art "lying around" probably without even knowing it.

    Version 3.2 - 27 May 1998

    Today I received a second SW.EXE from the UK which is different to
    the previous one - so SwGrp is now also compatible to this one.
    When running your TC - "ALL" .ART .KVX and .VOC files will now be
    renamed to .TRA .XVK and .COV and will be returned to normal on exit.

    Version 3.3 - 28 May 1998

    Small bug in par times fixed.

    Version 3.4 - 30 May 1998

    You can now divert the following three Tiles which should reduce
    the size of your TC by at least 3 megs if you choose to use them
    for the Introduction, background and replacing the end Ten Screen.

    3dRealms Presents........ Tile 2325
    Background............... Tile 2324
    Ten Screen............... Tile 5109

    For instance you can now put your end message in in say Tile 5700
    as everyone making a TC has a Tiles022.art and point the Ten Screen
    Tile 5109 to your tile at 5700.
    The only thing by doing this is that SwGrp will switch off the color
    inversion, in otherwords you will see it as a normal tile.

    Should you want to retain the color inversion then you will need to
    extract the palette files from SW.GRP and rename to the following and
    add them into your TC.GRP file.

    3dRealms Presents Tile 2325 = 3drealms.pal - rename to 3drealms.pax
    Ten Screen        Tile 5109 = ten.pal - rename to ten.pax

    These files are only 768 bytes long so it won't buldge your TC to
    much - much better than the large Tiles009.art (.5 meg) and
    Tiles019.art (2.6 meg) that you'd need for the 1 or 2 tile changes.

    Version 3.5 - 31 May 1998

    All files now extracted from the .GRP file will have a Timestamp
    of 04:44. This is incase the user's PC hangs during gameplay for
    whatever reason, so that when he/she runs up the TC again all
    matching files with a Timestamp of 04:44 will be deleted.
    This will stop the clutering up of unnecessary files in the user's
    folder. This problem was pointed out by Nim-Nim.

    Version 3.6 - 1 June 1998

    When the player now saves a game it will go under the 1st 4
    characters of your TC .sav. If your TC name has less than 4
    characters it will pad the name with x's.

    Version 3.7 - 2 June 1998

    The balance of the Cheat codes have been added together with two
    additional weapon items.

    Version 3.8 - 2 June 1998

    Small bug in 3.7 - no train smash though ;-)

    Version 4.0 - 4 June 1998

    Fixed major bug effecting Wangbang.
    Upgraded crash recovery routines.
    NB.. If user is using  disk caching the "Write behind" MUST be
         switched off to enable the /C or /W Wangbang parameters.
         ie... Smartdrv /x

    Version 4.1 - 5 June 1998

    Solved problem with disk caching.
    SwGroup now flushes the cached buffer before executing the game.
    There was a bug with the "switch demo's off" routine, now fixed.
    Your TC will now also load faster.


    NB....


    SWGROUP ONLY SUPPORTS THE REGISTERED VERSION 1.2 OF SHADOW WARRIOR
    THIS INCLUDES THE TWO UK REGISTERED VERSIONS OF SW.


    DISCLAIMER
    ----------
    I ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, DIRECT OR INDIRECT WHICH MAY RESULT
    FROM THE USE OF SWGROUP - (SWGRPxx.COM).

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    All the Names that you can edit with SwGroup
    --------------------------------------------

    All map names can be at least 7 characters long even those that are
    less at the moment. Only present map names that are 8 characters long
    can remain 8 characters in SwGroup.

    All other names have a max length as seen below.
    They can be shorter but not longer.


    Enter the Wang
    Four levels (Shareware Version)
    Code of Honor
    Eighteen levels (Full Version Only)

    Tiny grasshopper
    I have no Fear
    Who wants Wang
    No Pain, No Gain

    $bullet.map             Seppuku Station
    $dozer.map              Zilla Construction
    $shrine.map             Master Leep s Temple
    $woods.map              Dark Woods of the Serpent
    $whirl.map              Rising Son
    $tank.map               Killing Fields
    $boat.map               Hara-Kiri Harbor
    $garden.map             Zilla s Villa
    $outpost.map            Monastery
    $hidtemp.map            Raider of the Lost Wang
    $plax1.map              Sumo Sky Palace
    $bath.map               Bath House
    $airport.map            Unfriendly Skies
    $refiner.map            Crude Oil
    $newmine.map            Coolie Mines
    $subbase.map            Subpen 7
    $rock.map               The Great Escape
    $yamato.map             Floating Fortress
    $seabase.map            Water Torture
    $volcano.map            Stone Rain
    $shore.map              Shanghai Shipwreck
    $auto.map               Auto Maul
    tank.map                Heavy Metal (DM only)
    $dmwoods.map            Ripper Valley (DM only)
    $dmshrin.map            House of Wang (DM only)
    $rush.map               Lo Wang Rally (DM only)
    shotgun.map             Ruins of the Ronin (CTF)
    $dmdrop.map             Killing Fields (CTF)

    Kevlar Armor Vest +100    (not the +100)
    Armor Vest +50            (not the +50)
    MedKit +20                (not the +20)
    Fortune Cookie +50 BOOST  (not the +50 BOOST)
    Fortune Say:
    Portable MedKit
    Gas Bomb
    Flash Bomb
    Caltrops
    Night Vision Goggles
    Repair Kit
    Smoke Bomb
    Shurikens
    Sticky Bombs
    UZI Submachine Gun
    Uzi Clip
    Missile Launcher
    Missiles
    Nuclear Warhead
    Grenade Launcher
    Grenade Shells
    Rail Gun
    Rail Gun Rods
    Riot Gun
    Shotshells
    Guardian Head
    Firebursts
    Ripper Heart
    Deathcoils
    Heat Seeker Card

    swchan
    swgimme
    swtrek
    swgreed
    swghost
    swstart
    swres
    swloc
    swmap
    swsave
    sound
    winpachinko
    config
    swtrix
    swname

    Tile swop 2324
    Tile swop 2325
    Tile swop 5109
