Credits for WG Realms: Demon Throne

WG Realms: Demon Throne is a free standalone game on the EDuke32 platform. It is a first person shooter with RPG elements and a large world to explore.

Main Credits (see bullet points below for details)

William Gee    Level creation / world design, story, quests
Dan Gaskill    Coding. Also dialog writing, some character concepts and voice acting.
“sebabdukeboss20”   Sprites creator / Art Director
Cage     Most of weapon designs and art, some sprite effects
“Forge”     Testing, consulting
“Doom64hunter”   Testing, consulting
“Geedra”    Testing, consulting
Merlijn Van Oostrum   Testing, consulting, title music
Maarten Van Oostrum   Testing, consulting, title music
“AliCatGamer”    Voice acting
Eddie Teach    Voice acting, also dialog writing

In addition to the tasks they are credited for above, most team members also contributed in various other ways, such as by providing technical advice, edits to art tiles, sound and music gathering, and map fixes.

Additional Credits
These are credits for people who made content that was used in WG Realms: Demon Throne, even though they did not work on the game. In many cases their work is being used without express permission.
Dzierzan of duke4.net for his Cannon voxel
Youtuber VGMrawk, for his remix of Stage 2 Trojan for used as a boss music
Phredreeke of duke4.net forums – used processing techniques in combination with the ESRGAN to create some 2X upscaled art of old sprites
The entire EDuke32 development team – Made the platform that our game runs on
Various uncredited musicians and sound effect artists – yeah, we took your work from various sources. We honestly don’t know who you are, but would happily include your names otherwise.
Miscellaneous artists who made sprites and textures for Doom projects, downloaded from realm667  2.0 credits Levels.
"Castle Demonhorn" by Spiker
"Utter Chaos" by Daniel Mason
"KNEE DEEP" by Drek and Micky C

William Gee edited the levels to make compatible with Demon Throne, and added the HALL HUB level.
Tested by Ninety-Six  Music             : Kadmium - Knee Deep in the Dead 
                          based on At Dooms Gate by Bobby Prince

3.O CREDITS
William Gee /  Level creation 
Dan Gaskill  /  Coding
“sebabdukeboss20”  /  Sprites creator / Art Director
Anton Z / Voxel artist
Dr Shotgun / Beta Testing
Doom64hunter / consulting / Eduke32

Hectic Realms
Mike Norvac / Level Design.
William Gee edited the levels to make compatible with Demon Throne, tested by Dr Shotgun.

