			*** STORY OF ANOTHER BIG BASE ATTACKED ***

After escaping from the weird alien planet named X64-2, with one of those 
spaceships, Duke finally came on earth again without any problems, for a 
change. Duke started to grin, he was finally at his old familiar home again! 
It was allready winter, and all streets were covered with snow, and the
sky was totally grey. Duke thought back to these moments he had on 
the strange alien planet .... It was a very strange adventure..and Duke thinks
back to the moments he almost died. The  mission in the city called: toxicity 
did actually fail thanks to those alien bastards...Duke needed a holiday. 
But anyway, Duke had to come the next  day to the EDF base where he works 
for. Probably they think he's dead now too, and it would be a smart move to
let them know of that Alien Planet and the fact that he's still alive.
 But Duke is too tired to think about that right now.....
It was 3pm in midday, and he want to sleep.....

-next morning, 8:20.17.2AM- (:P)

Duke was in his car, going to the EDF base. It was snowy, and cold and the sky was, 
like yesterday: grey. He had to tell what was exactly going on during the time he 
was captured by that spaceship (in toxicity). Luckly he was still alive after 
all those things! Then he saw finally the good ol' EDF building, not far from him.
Suddendly, a tree fell down on the road, and it blocked Dukes car, on a way he can't 
go futher on the road. Duke stepped out his car "god damnit, my lovely car!". Then he decided
to walk to the building, by folowing the road, which leads to a tunnel for the parks which 
is in the EDF building. "Ah well, I'll fix my car up later" Duke thought. Then, suddendly 
he heard a alien ready to shoot. He fastly turns around, while grabbing
his pistol which he always have, and shot the alien right between the eyes. "what the 
hell?! There are probably more aliens here" duke said. He looked around him. Nothing to see. 
He start to walk to the tunnel again. Suddendly he heard an alien again. This time more 
then one. He look around him. Dozens of flying liztroops came from the sky to him, Duke was
never be able to kill all these aliens. He didn't wait one second and started running 
to the EDF building, to the tunnel, some seconds later he was finally inside, but Duke was
hurt a bit. Suddendly the door closes behind him. He was locked inside now. But at least 
he escaped from these aliens. For now. What to do now? It seems like the aliens attacked 
the EDF base. Hopefully they won't have killed all people here. Duke can't do this thing on 
his own, since he's already hurt, and he's only got a pistol, and the base is very big. 
But there was only one way to go. Outside seems to be extremly deadly, since there are
millions of alien bastards. It looks like Duke has to escape from the base as soon as
possible! Duke is never able to do this. Suddendly after these depressive thoughts,
he became very angry. "Allright, you asked for it alien mutherfucking bastards!!"
He start walking futher in the tunnel. And suddendly a alien came from a door, 

First blood will flow here.




(the story follows by playing the map, you'll find lots of info while playing)