####The story so far######

"Duke to headquarters! Does anyone hear me? We have a code RED! I repeat we have a code
RED!!! Hello???" 
The only answer from the little machine is some creaking noise.
Useless. No one hears you. No one knows about the situation you're in at the moment....
Desperately you trow your speaker to the ground. Behind you something tries to slam the door
with devastating force. Again. Luckily you barricaded it well enough to keep any of those... 
things out. You're save, for now... You look outside. The sky turns red as evening begins to
fall. You see the shadows of those monstrous creatures moving all around the building.
You're trapped. 
How did it come this far?

Things started when the EDF-satilites picked up some unusual movements around Mars. 
After the previous invasion of a bloodthirsty alien race, the one you stopped allmost
single-handedly, EDF decided that such an event should never occur again. They set up
a huge headquarters in the heart of Los Angeles. From here, all EDF-actions are controlled.
Satelites were aimed at space, scanning the universe in search of the home-planet of this
agressive alien civilisation. Mean while, they also monitored the more nearby parts of
outer-space, such as the moonbase. Earth itself was also closely monitored. Reports of
UFO-sightings or strange events all were well documented and analysed. If anything unusual 
would happen, or some alien fleet would be heading this way, EDF would know about it. 
And they would be prepared. The HQ also was home of an enormous professional army, an army that 
was practically invincible. In case of a "code RED", this force would make short work
of any dangerous enemy force.
Thanks to this, the unusual activities around Mars didn't go by unnoticed by EDF. There
seemed to be some strange fleet gathering, orbiting Mars. Strangely enough, nothing else
happened. The monitoring of this strange fleet became the most important operation of the
EDF. What was the plan behind this? Was it a hostile fleet? Should we send in our troops?
Any attempt to communicate failed, but the fleet seemed to be getting bigger and bigger.
Maybe it's becouse of this that the increasing reports about strange phenomenons on Earth
were ignored....
Meanwhile on Earth, other, seemingly less important events occured. Some hacker, 
calling himself "Invader" declared in some audio file that was spreading around the 
internet that he would hack into the EDF-systems as an ultimate showcase of his skills.
No one knew who this guy was so we assumed this was just some kind of hoax.
Until some of the satilites that were pointed at earth suddenly began to malfunction. 
Something else was controlling them. 
In a threatening situation like this, we couldn't affort any of this things.
 It was highly urgent to stop this hacker. So you were called to headquarters.

"Listen up, Duke", the chief in command said "this Invader-guy should be stopped immidiately,
if we loose our satelites God knows what that mysterious martian fleet will do, without 
us monitoring them"
"Maybe that's his.. or its intention?" you replied, "maybe the motives of Invader are not
what they seem to be. I think these 2 cases are connected"
"Yes, we also tought of that, and it seems to be very likely. You see how urgent it is
to track this guy. The problem is, with him controlling our satilites this won't be easy.
We have the biggest force in the universe, but even that force is useless if we don't know
what the danger is and where it's hiding"
"Very touching sir."
"Tell me about it. Anyway, we have a good idea about his hiding spot. You see, there's 
another strange thing happening. A huge area between L.A and Las Vegas seems to be cut
off from the rest of the world."
"How is that possible" you asked sceptical.
"We have NO idea. All communications with this area are down, it's like the place has
been erased, like some forcefield is shutting it out from the rest of the world. 
We think it's Invader who did this. He probably hides somewhere within that area and
tries to erase any tracks leading to him. And I must say, it will be very hard to find
him, IF he's there in the first place." Your superiour paused for a moment.
"We can't afford to send any troops, we can't be sure about his position. Besides
the troops must be ready for any sudden code red. We don't know what that fleet is up to.
But IF he's in that area he'll probably use the old abandonned Lonely-mountain-labs as 
a hiding spot. It would be the ideal place"
"So that's why you called me?"
"Exactly. We want you to head to those labs and see if our hunch is right. Remember, all
this has to happen in stealth, no-one but us should know about it!"

It just seemed like such a simple job, just a standard operation. 
But you know better now. Once you finally reached
the long deserts, steep cliffs and mountains of this allmost deserted place, the 
radio in your car just stopped working. After checking your cellphone and your laptop you
found out that any try to communicate with Los Angeles was futile. The chief was right. 
Something is cutting this area off from the rest of civilisation.
As you drove deeper into the heart of the area, you got more and more nervous.
Something was not right. The whole area seemed to be deserted. No other cars were on
the road, houses appeared to be empty. Sometimes you could vagualy hear some weird
shrieks in the distance. Something was watching you. You could feel it.
It must have been somewhere late in the afternoon when your car suddenly just broke
down. When you checked the engine you could find nothing wrong with it. Something
was very wrong. You felt it. Nervously you watched around you. Your surroundings where
mainly filled with sharp, steep rocks. Not too far ahead you saw a small bookshop
standing on top of a hill. No other sound was heard then the wind. 
With the idea some people in there could help you, you walked towards the shop.
Slowly you opened the door. Nothing. No one. The place was completely deserted.
This was weird, this couldn't be just becouse some mere hacker. Something else was
going on... Before you could think any futher, you suddenly heard a tremendous 
explosion. Turning around, you saw your car just turned into a huge burning wreck...
Before you could even react to this, an earsplitting cry pierced the sky... 
Suddenly you could see them. The hidious faces of Pig cops coming from every 
direction, pointing their shotguns at you...

And now you sit here. Unable to reach HQ, trapped inside the building, surrounded by pigcops.
Luckily you could barricade the door in time, but it wouldn't take long before they would 
find another way in. You grab your pistol. It won't be enough to stop all of them....
What the hell is going on? How could this place be crawling with 
aliens? What is the connection with Invader or the mysterious fleet?
You only see one option: continue your way to you original goal and hope you can send a 
warning message to Los Angeles from that point and find out what the hell is going on.
If you can escape from this hellhole in the first place...


