				STORY

	00.05 A.M.
	
	You hit the ground very hard when the hole you jumped into suddenly ends.
	Slowly you stand up and you take a look around, you're landed in one of the 
	mineshafts. Behind you, the shaft is collapsed. You look up to the hole you
	came from. No alien is following you. Good. You've finally escaped their 
	system and they don't know now where you are. But where are you? Your back 
	hurts and you've lost you're weapons. There's only one way to find out: 
	continue your trip and try to get out this stinkin' place. But wait... 
	There's something not right here. You feel cold. This place is overwelmed
	by fear.. When you look before you, you can see a dark hole in the ground.
	A strange sound comes out of it, and then you see the blood around it. This
	really isn't good. God knows what made that hole... You must get out of here
	now!
	
	00.10 A.M

	Finally you feel the fresh wind again. You take a deep breath. Fresh air!  
        You finally left those terrible mines behind you. You look around.
	It's a dark night and thousands of stars are filling the sky.
	The deserted landscape you see looks cold and dark. Not to far 
	you see a road leading to an unknown destination. Somewhere very
	far away there are lights of a small city or something, but the road
	doesn't go to that direction. It would be wiser to follow the
	road, you think. Ahead of you, you see the dim lights of some
	sort of tower above the rock-formations. Then you feal the fear the
	whole admosphere seems to breath. There is something very wrong here.
	Suddenly you remeber something. One of the computers in the townhall
	said something about a "abandonned place". You look again to the lights.
	They look sinister now, they seem to watch you..... 
	Suddenly you hear a scream from some creature somewhere far 
	away behind those strange lights. There's something alive out there
	and for some reason you know it's waiting for you... You expect any 
	moment now that something jumps over the rock's, ready to kill you, and
	suddenly you realise that you're all alone in this titanic emptiness. You 
	look around you. It can be anywhere...... 
	Nothing happens. Now the only sound is the wind. But somehow you know 
	it's there, watching you, waiting for the right minute...
	Then you grin. They won't get you without a fight! Now let's get trough this
	hell and find a transport or something, L.A needs you!!
	


