			STORY

"Wait for the Ship" You look at these words and look to river. 
So some kind of ship must pass by this point. You wonder if it will
stop here, becouse it was considered abandonned. You look back to the
shores. It still looked dark and aged and still the terrefying cries
of the nightmare creatures that lived here split the air now and then,
but it isn't scary anymore. The lights of the laterns seem to scare
the monsters away and the cries are from far away. You grin. By 
restoring the power the place was awakened again, and maybe humans would
again going to live here. You won, the mosters and aliens loose. You
feel the triomph in all his glory. Hopefully the ship would come soon,
so you can return to L.A. with the good news you've wiped out the source
of the invasion...

Hours are passing, but still there is no sound of any kind of ship. Again
you look upstream. And then you see it, something big is approaching over
the river. As it gets closer, you hear the engines of the ship. You look
at it. Totally suprised you see it's a huge cruise-ship! Saved! The big 
thing stops not too far upstream and you can hear the sound of doors opening.
Wait a minute... Something's not right. Why does a ship like this stop 
here? Something is defenitaly wrong. Again you hear screams of those
monsters, from the direction of the huge ship. You think. Are these
creatures climbing on board? Then the sound of a deathscream comes from
the insides of the cruise-ships , so soft that you barely can hear it.
What the hell is happening in there? Without doubting longer, you jump
in the cold, dark water and you swim upstream towards the ship. After 
reaching the back of the ship, you see that indeed 2 huge doors are opened,
giving acces to the car deck of the ship. The sound of one of those nightmare
creatures sounds from the inside of the ship. When you look inside to the cardeck 
you immidiately notest a dead body... of an assault trooper! Again a scream.
This is getting stranger and stranger. 
Determined to find out what's going on, you climb aboard... As soon as you
stepped inside you hear the noise of the ships horn. Before you know
what's going on the doors are starting to close again. You grin. Looks 
like the ship's ready to leave to it's unknown destination.



  