
		STORY

Gasping for air, you finally reach the surface and drag your body to the riverside.
Too exhousted to do anything, you lie yourself down on the beach and stare blankly
to the sky. You can hear the vague burning sounds from what's left of the cruise-ship.
This reminds you of the horrible fate of everyone on board. How many lives must have
been destroyed, now buried within that steel coffin? 
You're taken over by rage. They won! You were unable to reach the engine room in time!
All your efforts... they were pointless.
Angry you stand up and smash your pistol (the only weapon you dragged with you) into the
wet sand of the rivershore.

After a while a new question arises: why? Slowly, you put al the information you know about
together. There was a mysterious fleet detected near Mars, and a guy calling himself "invader"
hacking into the EDF mainframe. You were assigned to investigate the lonely mountain 
complex, becouse a huge area around this  abandonned research base seemed to be cut off from 
the rest of the world. So far it made sense. But on your way you got attacked by aliens,
and you discovered weirder and weirder things. And now they let a cruise-ship crash.
Why? It just doesn't make sense!
As you look around, you suddenly become aware of something on the beach closely resembling 
a bunker. Closing in, you can hear the sounds of a pigcop from inside. This place is being
monitored! Suddenly you remember something about your briefing... if you're not mistaken,
the Lonely mountain complex is actually not too far from here.
You grab your cell-phone. It actually survived the crash! Wonderfull things, these
little machines. Too bad you can't use it for communication to the outside world.
You quickly search for one of the data-files the general gave you. Ah there it is!
You read the information you got:

"Briefing detaills:

The Lonely mountain complex is a big research facility. Construction began about 3 years ago.
Due to extremely dangerous tests, a big part of the labs had to be built underground. It was
going to be huge. Alas, the construction process wasn't without it's difficulties. But the worst
thing happened a year ago. When the construction was nearly complete, a big earthquake demolished
the most vital parts of the base. Due to this, the lowest sections were flooded and the biggest
lab was buried under tons of rocks and sand and huge parts became unstable.
The base was abandonned and still is now.
However, the HQ of the base, which is built on top of a mountain, is still intact. We suspect
this is where you might find "Invader". The easiest way is trough the main entrance, 
leading right to the front of the mountain.

Good luck."

"Great", you mutter to yourself, "I bet that place is just crawling with aliens. 
I don't know what their plan is, but they won't get away with it! Now let's see
what's inside that bunker. It's payback time!"
