Episode 1: Reality Bites-The Atmosphere is very dark and opressive, almost claustrophobic. Decay is everywhere, in the buildings, in society, in peoples minds. Drugs, prostitution, motive-less killings and human perversion are parts of everyday life. Everything seems very real, these are not the sets of your average horror movie. No cliches, only bleak reality.

Episode 2:Perchance to dream-Have you ever wondered into what strange dimensions your mind ventures when you are asleep? In one way these strange worlds are very personal. In another way they are but a small part of the Dreamlands. These levels all have the absurd logic of dreams. This is a world of faery tales, of surrealism and of nightmares. Nothing is what it seems...

Episode 3:Ashes to Ashes-You walk the borderlands between life and death, The Shadowlands.  This is a cold world, the colours are few, mostly blacks, grays, blues and the color of blood. The light is a sickly blueish green and a black sun burns in the starless sky.

Episode 4:Beyond Madness- The nature of this episode is for now classified.

"The Red Death had long devastated the country. No pestilence had ever been so fatal, or so hideous. Blood was its Avatar and its seal - the redness and the horror of blood."

- Edgar Allan Poe, The Masque of the Red Death

The Atmosphere is very dark and opressive, almost claustrophobic. This is the noir world of films like Se7en. Decay is everywhere, in the buildings, in society, in peoples minds. Drugs, prostitution, motiveless killings and human perversion are parts of everyday life. It's Blade Runner without the futuristic elements. Everything seems very real; these are not the sets of your average horror movie. No cliches, only bleak reality.


Level 1: "Madhouse"
Author: Hades

Level 2: "The Cathedral"
Author: Craig Duckett

Level 3: "The Burning"
Author: Anton Greer

Level 4: "The Museum"
Author: Adam Mack

Level 5: "The Epidemic"
Author: Matt Mann

Level 6: "Roadkill"
Author: Felix Drott

Level 7: "Kingsport"
Author: Michco

"Is all that we see or seem
But a dream within a dream?"

- Edgar Allan Poe, A Dream Within a Dream

 

Have you ever wondered into what strange dimensions your mind ventures when you are asleep? In one way these strange worlds are very personal. In another way they are but a small part of the Dreamlands. These levels all have the absurd logic of dreams. This is a world of faery tales, of surrealism and of nightmares. Nothing is what it seems.

 

Level 1: "Wide Awake in Dreamland"
Author: Hades

Level 2: "The Twilight Zone"
Author: Felix Drott

Level 3: "The Last Laugh"
Author: Felix Drott

Level 4: "The Gallery of Dreams"
Author: Felix Drott

Level 5: "Caleb in Wonderland"
Author: jAsON

"Death is a mystery, and burial is a secret"
- Stephen King, Pet Sematary

You walk the borderlands between life and death, The Shadowlands. This is a shadowworld of whispers and darkness. This is a cold world, the colours are few, mostly blacks, grays and blues and of course the color of blood. The light is sickly blue and green. A black sun burns in the starless sky. This is an empty world, this is the world the living have just left. As you venture further into the land of the dead it turns into more epic and fantastic landscapes.


Level 1: "The Morgue"
Author: Hades

Level 2: "The Crime Scene"
Author: Matt Mann

Level 3: "Dead man Walking"
Author: DaPumpkins

Level 4: "Titanic"
Author: Josh Hutchinson

Level 5: "The River Styx"
Author: Hades

Level 6: "City of the Dead"
Author: ???